hi everybody mmm on your show and you're
watching top speed and remember don't
try this at home okay so here we go
that's the bike gonna test
oh so this is new belt yes the reason to
resolve it's not very comes to learn
tripod okay so what's this night fighter
listen to the sound right onto so two
trios be eternal 675 it's a British belt
that disputes that the British it's more
like something it's not something like
you know Japanese she writes working
with other regional self you can be
substantial ring and the greater truth
that's incredible amazing something very
like that I'm going to do
you
was a constant it's so amazing but we'll
show to some it it's a good bet networks
nice and join nice design you can do
some strength letting the tears are
really good but this box is terrific
terrific amazing unbelievable for 600
it's so nice just feel smooth when you
drive it's just so smooth but well for
negative point on this budget that is
not comfortable at all to enjoy unit
only 10 minutes from serving this
version I'm tired you know what I'm
tired
164 kilometers you going to kill me who
is going to kill me
why that was great first of this bag I'm
going to steal it some of it sir it's a
really nice biker we good really fast
cut4 very good sounds a good grip but
it's not comfortable at all that's a
great bag so well go to hell they come
for it and just enjoy the ride and have
fun alright so this was the speed the
first podcast yeah
you